Do not consider scrutinees of projections and cases as heads for hint mode "!" (#14392)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/proofs/automatic-tactics/auto.rst

      :n:`@qualid` can be applied or not. A mode specification is a list of ``+``,
      ``!`` or ``-`` items that specify if an argument of the identifier is to be
      treated as an input (``+``), if its head only is an input (``!``) or an output
      (``-``) of the identifier. Mode ``-`` matches any term, mode ``+`` matches a
      term if and only if it does not contain existential variables, while mode ``!``
      matches a term if and only if the *head* of the term is not an existential variable.

>       The head of a term is understood here as the applicative head, recursively,
>       casts being ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The head of a term is understood here as the applicative head, recursively,
      ignoring casts.
```

>       :cmd:`Hint Mode` is especially useful for typeclasses, when one does not want
>       to support default instances and avoid ambiguity in general. Setting a parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :cmd:`Hint Mode` is especially useful for typeclasses, when one does not want
      to support default instances and wants to avoid ambiguity in general. Setting a parameter
```
